\subsection{Soil microcosm microbial community changes with time}
Changes in the soil microcosm microbial community structure and membership
correlated with incubation time (Figure~\ref{fig:bulk_ord}B, p-value 0.23,
R$^{2}$ 0.63, Adonis test \citet{Anderson2001a}). The $^{13}$C composition
of the C-substrate addition did not significantly correlate with soil microcosm
community structure and membership (p-value 0.35). Additionally, bulk sample
beta diversity was significantly less than gradient fraction beta diversity
(p-value 0.003, \citet{Anderson2006}). Twenty-nine OTUs significantly changed
in relative abundance with time ("BH" adjusted p-value $<$ 0.10,
\citet{YBenjamini1995}).  OTUs that significantly increased in relative
abundance with time included OTUs in the \textit{Verrucomicrobia},
\textit{Proteobacteria}, \textit{Planctomycetes}, \textit{Cyanobacteria},
\textit{Chloroflexi} and \textit{Acidobacteria}. OTUs that significantly
decreased in relative abundance with time included OTUs in the
\textit{Proteobacteria}, \textit{Firmicutes}, \textit{Bacteroidetes} and
\textit{Actinobacteria} (Figure~XX).  \textit{Proteobacteria} was the only
phylum that had OTUs that significantly increased and OTUs that significantly
decreased in abundance with time. If sequences were grouped by taxonomic
annotations at the class level, only four classes significantly changed in
abundance, \textit{Bacilli} (decreased), \textit{Flavobacteria} (decreased),
\textit{Gammaproteobacteria} (decreased) and \textit{Herpetosiphonales}
(increased) (Figure~XX). Of the 29 OTUs that changed significantly in relative
abundance with time, 14 are labeled substrate responders (Figure~XX).
